Camilo Gonzalez
Hi, I’m Camilo. My friends usually call me Cami. I’m a Visual Communicator, AKA Graphic Designer. I love design, using colours, typography, layout, infographics, charts, branding, movement, and how to communicate with it. You can find it anywhere, I love good design, and I love design.
I love Photography, I have a digital reflex camera that I didn’t bring to Vancouver, but I am planning to buy another here, and a drone too. I have an analog camera, too; I love to take it with this one because it has a different resolution quality, colours and grain than you can get with a digital reflex.
I love illustration, and I wish to have more time and inspiration to do it. I want to learn acrylic paint and leave it as a hobby too.
I love ride biking, and I love to ride far and take some hills to go back with extra velocity. I love cycling in general. I learned to love it when in Chile we had a social outbreak, and some stupid people burned the train stations, it took a year to recover these stations, and I lived so far from the work office that I had to take another way to go to my work, the best solution was biking to there, 1:15 hr to go and 1 hr to come back every weekday, but it was better to have 4:30 hrs in buses back and forth.
I love hiking, maybe the thing that I love the most. I usually go to some place with my wife to walk for hours. We love that; we love nature, the animals, trees, plants, mushrooms, lakes, rivers, creeks, mountains, snow, glaciers, etc. This is the perfect place for that! well, Chilean Patagonia too. We did a lot of crossing, camping, trekking and hiking there. If you love nature, I highly recommend it!
I love travelling, getting to know new kinds and smart people and places, new food, new knowledge, museums, architecture, and new cultures in general.
I love listening to music. I had a rock band too, a kind of post-hardcore band. We made an album too but it doesn’t go ahead after Covid, and I don’t have enough time to improve and make new songs, so after some other differences we broke up. But I love music in general, always I am listening something from classical to self-care, punk, meditation, electronic, etc. Any time period.
I enjoy the creative and committed people who want to contribute to the world without losing their humour.
I have vast experience in marketing collateral in all kinds of printed and digital creation and production. I love to design, and frequently I work directly with clients. Promoting solutions and resolving their needs.
One of my dreams is to become a Front-End developer, but I want to learn some aspects of App mobile development too. I want to know people in this area and build something new, something useful and make money with it too.
When I was a very child, maybe 4 years old, my mom every Friday took me to her job in YMCA Chile. There began the love of drawing and painting. She left me hours in a room for kids where I could play, draw and paint meanwhile she worked.
When she left this job, we did not through a good economic situation, and my brother was born too, so we had not many books to read, I don’t remember if she ever read me, but she made efforts to buy us encyclopedias and the Icarito, a Chilean educational magazine that was included in La Tercera newspaper. There are many infographics, draws, games, etc. It inspired me a lot. It was another influence.
As time passed by, I started to enjoy Japanese animation, and I began to draw the characters and improve my techniques. But it never was the main hobby, I loved to play soccer too, and my studies required a lot of time. They were my priorities because I had always dreamed of having a beautiful house since childhood, and Chile was not a good place for artists. You can not live to be an artist, it was said, they no earn enough money to live quiet and buy a house.
When I was in the university in 2015, my final project was to create an app to recognize birds and do birdwatching with this digital guide, but it was not just an encyclopedia. My mate and I think to improve it with the technology that uses Shazam and thus recognize birds singing. It had another interesting background, such as the bio-cultural influence on the native people and the meaning for their cosmovision, their myths, legends and direct experiences with these birds. All this content merged into a project that includes a book with AR as a bridge between the app and that.
But at least this project doesn’t see the light, doesn’t meet the real life. We couldn’t find finance. In 2015 mobile development in Chile was a scarce and very expensive service.
With this precedent, I started to think about improving my career, looking to get close to app development, but I had to work in design, so I couldn’t study by myself, being over-consumed by the work and burnout.
Anyways I could save money and plan to study in another country; thus, I could improve my English too.
So here I am. But, I’m not sure about taking the Mobile Development diploma. In fact, I took Web Development to become a front-end because I think it is easier and has less distance from Graphic Design.
The challenge of studying Mobile Development (MD) is that I have to work in Vancouver because it is a super expensive city, so I want to avoid work burnout, study MD and improve my English simultaneously. I want to care for my mental health this time. It does not mean that I waste the opportunity to know people working and learning in this field.
I want to make something new, resolve some obvious problems to take a positive role in this world. So, there I go for more.